my goal is to hopefully get on revive
flow that's my goal so that somehow
happens I would be super super super
excited to get on revived flow so that's
what I'm going towards right now but as
of now I'm not sponsored by revive I
just completely support what they're
doing as a company in there they're
great they're awesome dude
[Music]
[Applause]
alright guys today is a very very
special day I put that clip of me
answering a question from over two years
ago and I also made that skit with Aaron
at the beginning of this video to prove
a point
that this box right here and what is
going on right now is really like the
most unbelievable thing I can ever I
can't even explain it how amazing and
how blessed I am and how thankful I am
for this so we got a revive box and you
might have seen this already on Andy's
channel I refuse to watch the video
until I open this box because I wanted
to be surprised what was in it but
basically I'm flow for revive Andy and
Brian texted me one morning right before
I went to school and they're like hey
Gabe and then they stopped texting me
and then I got another text from Andy
because they kind of like sent it at two
different times you want to be slow for
revive and I was like and I was like -
so anyway so we're here at did box and
I'm going to open my first official
revive sponsored flow box Gabe Cruz is
now slow for a vibe but it sounds
strange to say that I've literally been
like wanting to make this happen for
years like and after it's finally
happened my entire just like existence
is finally like where I wanted it to be
so much Wow
and come look at it
look at the wrong dude
ha ha ha ha ha to his Antoine
welcome to Reebok and then it's a
mallard duck with a red hat and it says
love craft craft Eagle survives the
funny thing I don't know if they knew
this or not but Ducks especially mallard
ducks are my favorite animals and I have
two pet ducks that I I love dearly so
the fact that this happened is uh is I
don't know if it's coincidental or if
Andy just knows me very well but what
Erin just highlighted sharper image
micro drones I don't even know what to
say I do want to play with this water
desuka now I really want to watch the
video to find out what Andy like went
through to get all this stuff we have
it's a nerf rebelle and I think it's the
girl brand and that's perfect because uh
Erin's a girl is actually the first nerf
gun we've actually ever had in the bread
house believe it or not now we got some
Man of Steel Superman socks and I
actually I'm a big fan of nice socks
so uh we got that oh we got some fun
stuff there's something else in this box
that you guys can't see yet but I can
look at it and I'm legitimately freaking
out because I've actually been wanting
to buy one of those for a long time and
knowing that Andy gifted it to me is
like I couldn't be more grateful I don't
entirely know how you do this oh okay
look we got an air horn
we got a mini blaster air rocket launch
set I'm going to try all this stuff
after that after I'm done opening this
shop on shine on 50 buy gift card I
think I'm gonna start crying and this is
what I was talking about
I did hahahahaha he got me off his
basketball hoop I've been wanting one of
these for so long
official Spalding brand basketball hoop
for myopathies oh my god I know you're
listening so I'm gonna be really quiet
but I'm never gonna work it's going to
check the security cams you should be
like what is Gabe doing only playing
basketball come on we look deeper into
the box and he knows I like Harry Potter
you got me a Harry Potter ballpoint pen
it has a freaking light it has a golden
speech light on it if you don't know I'm
shining the Golden Snitch on you right
now I've actually wanted one of these
for so long it is the revived silver
truck what am I saying
it is a revived silver skates fool and
we actually have one over there and it's
so nice and these schedules are
beautiful and amazing the revive pins
I've not seen these in person yet and
they are actually very nice I love that
logo we have a revive key chain I can't
think of what the word is but I think
it's a key chain revive gold the quarter
thread that collab joke as always why
does this look familiar I believe these
are the tags for silver trucks Oh see I
had the hoodie in this design but I
don't have the shirt yet I love me some
revive shirts okay funny story on this
when I was watching a box opening from
like two years ago three years ago I
ordered this shirt from them this tie
dye shirt and I can't find it like I
legitimately lost this shirt I don't
know where it is and I was literally
thinking like wow I wish I had that
shirt and this is like an hour ago and
seeing that they sent this to me I'll
put the clip in is like full it's gone
full circle so yeah this blows my mind
revive revive revive tie-dye blue boom
and last but not least because I will be
in Ohio for the premiere of take over
the world it is only fair that they also
send the take over the world t-shirt he
take over the world I'm so hot and the
most exciting part of the entire video
and RIT
Doug does tell us actually going to be
staying in my house two times the next
month and I'm super hot because I love
Doug and the really really most exciting
part is uh skateboards so this is the
wall graffiti graphic eight inch board
I've seen these and Aaron's boxes but
now that they're mine it's like
beautiful Chris and we got the air in
Cairo skate everything man classic board
honey wanna skate this is too beautiful
I feel like I'm skating Aaron's face
last but not least yeah
just take some precautionary measures if
you don't wear these 3d glasses you
might go blind okay and that is
everything in the box I honestly I
really don't know if to say I'm just
looking at this ginormous pile of stuff
that Andy and Brian and all the guys
that revive sent and it really truly is
a blessing I'm 100% so grateful to these
guys you guys saw at the beginning of
the video it's literally been a dream
for years to be on revived flow be
sponsored by revived and it is like
mind-blowing ly amazing that this is all
this stuff they sent to me just to like
we get the announcement out and it it
really really means a lot to me so huge
thank you to Andy schrock's and Brian
Ames and I'm tearing up a little bit and
all the guys that revived skateboards
really is a Mike just the most amazing
thing ever
that this is totally happening and it's
kind of uh unbelievable that it's
happening so thank you thank you thank
you so much to you guys I love you guys
you guys really are the best and
definitely check out all the revived
gear that you see here not all the
basketball stuff and the nerf guns but
all the beautiful skateboards and the
shirts and all the other stuff shred
quarters comm I'll put the link in the
description so go check that out and
subscribe like leave a comment below
I just seriously thank you guys so much
is seriously the most like unbelievable
like I can't talk check out the box
opening playlist right here
definitely subscribed to Braille army
and also subscribe to andis channel to
go check out all the revive videos and
seriously this is amazing so thank you
guys so much and I'll see you next time